I was friends its Julie and today I
thought I would just do a little
experiment with concealers because I
just went out and got yet another one in
I seem to be completely addicted to
something or at least defying them but
this one is a another Physicians Formula
this one it's in a stick form and it has
dawned on me that I now have so many of
these I thought it might be fun if I
actually just did a comparison of all of
them and how they work on my face so I
thought I would get together four of the
different concealers sticks that are
concealer products that I have purchased
the green ones over the last while I
would get them together and then just
test them out and see how they do on my
face so um I'm gonna divide my face into
four parts and just have basically one
up here and one down here and one up
here and one down here and I've worn red
to try and draw out the red in my face
so that I would look a little bit even
more flush than I actually normally do
and I've got the the lights on to heat
up this space so that I am going to be
getting warmer and warmer and warmer so
we'll see how these things do so what I
am working with right now are the
Physicians Formula dental cover
concealer stick that's what I just
showed you it's a green stick product
that it because it comes in kind of a
lipstick tube I also have another
Physicians Formula I've already tried in
a previous video I'll actually I'll
leave a link to that right here in case
you want to check it out
but that is the concealer twins from
Physicians Formula and it has this side
the green side and it also has this some
kind of beige side that you're supposed
to put on top and I have one that I
owned before that this one's the
Maybelline New York cover stick
corrector concealer looks very very
similar to the Physicians Formula one I
just bought but you never know maybe
it'll be better and I also have this
other one that I've never tried before I
just think I just have it but I haven't
tried it and it's the essence say no to
redness and that one's also a another
stick like a lipstick type thing you
roll it up like that show so I'm going
to test out all of these on my face and
see if they actually work um so I
thought just to be a little bit
different and to be a little bit fair so
we know which product is doing what I
have a black eyeliner and I'm going to
actually draw a line so that I have
specific workspaces and I'm gonna try
and do areas so that I know that all of
them are getting the same kind of
redness and the same day they've got the
same kind of business to try and cover
up so yeah so I'm gonna apply all of
these and I'm just gonna fast to put it
in fast motions so you can see me
actually doing it but you don't actually
have to sit there and watch me apply
everything for 20 minutes so this will
go a lot faster for you than it will for
me and wish me luck
so here would be the results of all of
that um so I'll just get closer to the
camera this would be the Maybelline this
is the essence
this is the physician's formula the
concealer twins and this is the
physicians formula in the stick from
here to me it looks like the concealer
twins one was probably probably didn't
have the most coverage um that could be
because I was a little I noticed was I
was applying it I was a little bit
heavier handed with that than I was with
the other product so that could be that
could have something to do with it maybe
I just used more and so it covered more
but it does seem to have the most even
coverage I found it the most easy to
apply which is funny because when I use
it the first time the first impression
was that it was not doing a good job at
all you in the video that I referred to
earlier um yeah it really did seem like
it wasn't gonna do anything all that
great it wasn't spread around properly I
had a very very hard time with it but I
know that you're not supposed to wear
green concealers just on their own
you're supposed to put powder on top or
foundation of some other kind so what
I'm going to do now is I'm going to
apply the powder that I would normally
wear which is Physicians Formula this is
in no way sponsored it just happens to
be this way
it's the Physicians Formula tell free
mineral we're sure showing up with my
camera but that's what it looks like and
I'm going to put that on three different
sections except for the Physicians
Formula that came with its own top layer
the base layer and that's the concealer
twins so I'm going to apply that to that
section and we'll see how that goes
so my impression of this is that um the
these two sections the essence and the
physicians formula sticks hid very
nicely under the powders I really like
that they you know they covered a bit of
the redness and they didn't look green
anymore one spot or one on top this
still looks muddy and murky I don't know
if you can see that with my camera but
the Maybelline still looks like it kind
of is swampy it's got a very green look
to it um it could be I don't know the
colors are pretty much the same so I
don't I don't really know why that would
be maybe it's just a bit it is a thicker
kind of pasty or formula I can
definitely the texture of it is a lot
thicker
um the Physicians Formula the twins
concealer twins it definitely has the
best redness coverage but this in no way
matches my skin so overall they all did
a pretty good job covering redness I
think I like the Maybelline one the
least just because it does still look it
has a bit of a swampy green look left
behind the essence didn't do very much
but it did provide light coverage and it
was it was pretty it went on pretty
easily latest very smooth product unlike
the Maybelline which is a much thicker
pastier one and it's tougher to spread
around the concealer twins I think did
the best job covering up the redness but
it doesn't match my skin so I would need
to actually do some other work to cover
up the peak color of the base and I
don't know that the the the stick itself
didn't do and nearly as good a job as
the kind of more liquidy form that it
has in this version even though it's
from the exact same it seems to be in
the exact same color and it's from the
exact same brand but um I guess it's
just what spreads that are on the skin
and to be fair this is actually meant
for they're all actually meant for
blemishes they're meant for pimples and
redness from acne they're not
necessarily meant for rosacea but I just
thought because they all do say like get
rid of redness so I thought I would just
give all of the for drugstore concealers
that I have a try and see how
compared to one another so what do you
think what did you think of of these
four products the maybelline essence and
the two different Physicians Formula
do you have you used them before did I
use them wrong did I did you see me do
something misstep that you would correct
or do you have a preference in the stick
or a more liquid form for your concealer
um I have tried powders before that I've
liked a lot mineral powders so I should
be getting I think a company is sending
me a sample in the mail so that should
be exciting to give that a try when that
comes out and then maybe we'll do some
comparisons with the different powders
that I have but yeah so I hope you liked
this video I hope it helped you out if
you did please give it a thumbs up and
if you'd like to see more videos like
this then I hope you will subscribe to
my channel I make new videos every
Sunday and Thursday and up if not I will
see you next time